The group is in Kenny's truck, which sputters to a stop.
Kenny: Well, this is as far as we're going.
Lee: Then it's far enough.
Everyone gets out of the truck and walks down the street. Lee briefly stops in front of his family's pharmacy.
Duck: Look!
Duck points to what appears to be a person near a car in the distance. Kenny waves his arms to try to get their attention.
Kenny: Hey there! You friendly? Truck's run out of gas.
The person looks up, revealing that it's actually a zombie eating a dead survivor.
Kenny: FUCK!
Many zombies start approaching the group, surrounding them.
Katjaa: We're TRAPPED!
Duck: WAAH!
A zombie knocks Duck over and tries to attack him.
Duck: AHHH! NO! NO!
Someone shoots the zombie, who collapses on Duck. Duck, now covered in zombie blood, returns to the group and is hugged by his parents. The woman who saved Duck continues to shoot the zombies. Another survivor stands at the entrance of the pharmacy.
Glenn: RUN!
Carley fires a few more shots at the zombies and everyone runs into the building behind Glenn. He closes and padlocks the metal gate in front of the building and joins the others inside as zombies pound on the gate. Inside the pharmacy there are three additional survivors.
Lilly: We can't take risks like this!
Carley: And we can't just let people die, either.
Lilly: When I SAY "that door stays shut no matter what" I fucking MEAN it. We don't know who these people are; they could be dangerous!
Larry: Worse, they could've led 'em right to us!
Carley: Where the hell is your humanity?! They would've died out there!
Larry: Then we let 'em!
-
Carley: You'll have to excuse her.
Clementine holds Lee's hand and looks up at him.
Lee: What is it?
Clementine: I...I have to pee.
Glenn: I'd go out there again in a second.
Lilly: I bet you would. You're a dumb, careless kid.
Carley: I would too!
-
Clementine lets go of Lee's hand.
Glenn: They've got kids, Lilly.
Lilly: Those things outside don't care.
Kenny: Maybe you should go join 'em, then. You'll have something in common!
Larry: Goddamn it, Lilly, you have to control these people!
Lilly: Carley and Glenn just ran out there!
Larry: I don't give a flying fuck! We're in a warzone!
In the background, Clementine approaches the bathroom.
-
Larry: Ho-ly SHIT.
Larry looks behind him. Duck is sitting on one of the chairs near the bar and Katjaa is attending to him.
Larry: Son of a bitch, one of them is bitten!
-
Larry: We have to end this, now.
Larry walks over to Duck but Kenny stands in front of him, blocking his way.
Kenny: Over my dead body.
Larry: We'll dig one hole.
Katjaa: No! I'm cleaning him up! There's no bite! He's fine!
Katjaa hurriedly tries to wipe away the blood on Duck, searching for a bite.
Larry: Don't you fucking people get it? We've already SEEN this happen. We let someone with a bite stay and--and WE all end up bitten!
Kenny: Shut up.
Larry: We gotta throw him out! Or smash his head in!
Katjaa: KENNY! STOP HIM!
Kenny: Lee, what do we do about this guy?
Lilly: Dad, it's just a boy, it's--
Larry: Lilly, I'll handle this.
Lilly: But your heart, Dad. You need to calm down. We'll get this kid out of here.
-
Carley: Everyone CHILL THE FUCK OUT!
Lilly: Nobody is doing ANYTHING.
Larry: Shut up, Lilly! (turns to Carley) And YOU. Shut the fuck up. (turns back to the group) They will find us and they will get in here, and none of this will fucking matter. But right now we're about to be TRAPPED in here with one of those things.
Kenny: What the hell are you talkin' about?
Larry: He's bitten! That's how you TURN.
Katjaa: He's not bitten! Lee, stop this! It's upsetting him!
Larry: Oh, I'm "upsetting" him? Upsetting is getting eaten alive!
Lilly: Dad, we get it, it's a big deal.
Larry: Do you? You're not fucking acting like it!
-
Kenny: I'm gonna kill him, KAT. Just worry about Duck!
Clementine: Lee?
Clementine stands in front of the bathroom door.
Lee: Yeah?
Clementine: There's someone in there.
Lee: It's just locked. Key's behind the counter. Probably.
Larry: Hey, I'm not the bad guy here, I'm just looking out for my daughter!
Kenny: No, you're just the guy arguing for killing a kid!
Larry: He's covered in muck! She'll find the bite. WATCH.
Kenny: She won't.
Larry: And if she DOES? The first thing he'll do is sink his teeth into his mom's face. Then once she's dead, he'll probably pounce on YOUR little girl! She'll turn fast and then they'll be three. And that, boy, is the ballgame.
-
Clementine screams as the bathroom door opens and a zombie emerges from it, trying to attack her.
Larry: Jesus!
Lee: CLEMENTINE!
Lee tries to run over to her, but bumps into Lilly and falls to the ground, hitting his head. His vision is blurry, but he can vaguely see the zombie grabbing Clementine.
-
Glenn: Uh...guys?
Zombies growl and pound on the door.
Lilly: (whispering) Everybody DOWN! Stay QUIET!
Kenny and his family huddle together, Clementine hides behind Lee, and everyone else kneels down behind the shelves.
Larry: (whispering) They're gonna get in!
Kenny: (whispering) SHUT UP.
Noises and gunfire is heard outside.
Lee: Is that the military?
Lilly: I don't know.
Glenn: Thank god for whatever it is.
Larry gets up and marches across the room. Everyone leaves their hiding positions.
Larry: We almost DIED because of this bitch and her itchy trigger finger! That was stupid! That was--
Larry groans and grabs his chest, falling to the floor.
Lilly: DAD!
Larry: (whispering) Shit. Fuck.
Lilly runs over to Larry, who is lying on his side on the floor.
-
Lilly: It's his heart!
Larry: My pills...
Katjaa: Uh--um... Nitroglycerin pills?
Lilly stands up.
Lilly: YES. We're out. We've been trying to get into the pharmacy since we got here! Please, try to get in there! Behind the counter, where the pills are!
-
Kenny: Everyone else should get comfy and look for anything useful. We could be in here a while.
Glenn: I'm starting to think this drugstore isn't a permanent solution.
Kenny: You're right, this ain't exactly Fort Knox.
Lee: What do you suggest?
Glenn: We need as much gas as possible so we can ALL get out of downtown Macon. Fast.
Lee: Agreed.
Glenn: Then I'll head out and get gas. There's a motel not too far from here, out towards the end of Peachtree. I'll work my way towards it and then loop back, siphoning what I can.
-
Lee: If you're gonna do that, here's a walkie-talkie if you get in a tight spot. Hopefully you won't need it.
Lee gives his walkie-talkie to Glenn.
Glenn: Cool.
Lee: Clementine's got the other one. Check in with her and get back here as soon as you can.
Kenny: And, you, what's your name?
Lilly: It's Lilly. My dad's Larry.
Kenny: Keep a good eye on him. These boys will work on getting you your medicine.
Lee: That's right.
Kenny: And you, you keep an eye on that front door. You're our lookout.
Doug: It's Doug, you got it.
Carley: And I'm Carley.
Kenny: Okay, Carley, you'll shift in with Doug when he needs it. For now, get some rest--you're a good shot and I'd like to keep it that way.
Carley: (nods) You got it, boss.
Kenny: Now get him those pills.
Kenny stands next to Katjaa and Duck. Lilly kneels next to Larry, who is now propped up on the shelves behind him. Doug looks out the window near the entrance. Carley works on a radio and Clementine sits on a cardboard box nearby, holding her radio.